this video is sponsored by fine MMA gym
dot-com looking for a new place to Train
head over to the best online directory
for MMA gyms across the US find MMA gym
calm
I'm a weights I was good and I didn't
feel I feel sucked out as I thought I
was gonna feel because I did it I did it
really good I did smart
how you doing my name is Chris Weidman
both in Jordan and I'm with the Sarah
Longo fight Tina yeah when I start
thinking about it I get a little I was I
guess it's nervous feeling but uh it's
just excited it's really just you know
the excitement you know it's just like
it's finally here and I just you know
all the training you know I got that I
just wanted to pay off you know so I got
to put everything together in there and
and just going there confident and I
think it's gonna work out
7:05
what
pounds of
this video is sponsored by fine MMA gym
comm looking for a new place to Train
head over to the best online directory
for MMA gyms across the US find MMA gym
calm